WIP: docs: Module 5 CosmJS (B9lab updates 4-6) (#858)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: b9lab-content/5-my-own-chain/04-cosmjs.md

// THIS FILE IS GENERATED AUTOMATICALLY. DO NOT MODIFY.
import { SigningStargateClient } from "@cosmjs/stargate";
import { Registry } from "@cosmjs/proto-signing";
import { Api } from "./rest";
import { MsgCreatePost } from "./types/chain/tx";
const types = [
    ["/alice.chain.chain.MsgCreatePost", MsgCreatePost],
];
export const MissingWalletError = new Error("wallet is required");
const registry = new Registry(types);
const defaultFee = {
    amount: [],
    gas: "200000",
};
const txClient = async (wallet, { addr: addr } = { addr: "http://localhost:26657" }) => {
    if (!wallet)
        throw MissingWalletError;
    const client = await SigningStargateClient.connectWithSigner(addr, wallet, { registry });
    const { address } = (await wallet.getAccounts())[0];
    return {
        signAndBroadcast: (msgs, { fee, memo } = { fee: defaultFee, memo: "" }) => client.signAndBroadcast(address, msgs, fee, memo),
        msgCreatePost: (data) => ({ typeUrl: "/alice.chain.chain.MsgCreatePost", value: data }),
    };
};
const queryClient = async ({ addr: addr } = { addr: "http://localhost:1317" }) => {
    return new Api({ baseUrl: addr });
};
export { txClient, queryClient, };
```

> It starts by importing `@cosmjs/stargate`, which is the client library for Cosmos SDK 0.40, 0.41, and 0.42 (Stargate). In addition, `@cosmjs/proto-signing` is used to add the type `MsgCreatePost` to the registry. The message type `MsgCreatePost` is defined in `starport/chain/vue/src/store/generated/alice/chain/alice.chain.chain/module/types/chain/tx.js` using [protobuf.js](https://protobufjs.github.io/protobuf.js/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It starts by importing `@cosmjs/stargate`, which is the client library for Cosmos SDK 0.40 and the following versions (Stargate). In addition, `@cosmjs/proto-signing` is used to add the type `MsgCreatePost` to the registry. The message type `MsgCreatePost` is defined in `starport/chain/vue/src/store/generated/alice/chain/alice.chain.chain/module/types/chain/tx.js` using [protobuf.js](https://protobufjs.github.io/protobuf.js/).
```
